# **Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE)**

## **Automation Working Group Charter**

Version 1.0

(This version of the CVE AWG Charter was approved and effective July 14, 2020)


## CVE Automation Working Group Overview

The CVE Automation Working Group (AWG) was established to provide a forum for developing the infrastructure, services and automation needed to support the CVE Program requirements. The AWG activities and discussions are focused on improving the tools and services being made available to the program and the community in order to better support the efficient management and operation of the CVE Program.


## Working Group Membership

Any active, CVE authorized program member may participate on the AWG. This includes [Board members](https://cve.mitre.org/community/board/index.html), [CVE Numbering Authority (CNA) representatives](https://cve.mitre.org/cve/cna.html), Authorized Data Publishers (ADP), and participants from the Secretariat&#39;s organization. In addition, the AWG is open to participation from the public at large. There is no limit to the number of representatives a given organization may have as members of the working group.

AWG members may have access to live and recorded meetings and other material generated by the AWG. Any materials supplied to or generated by the AWG are to be treated as [TLP: Green](https://www.us-cert.gov/tlp)materials (unless otherwise explicitly noted in those materials).


## Size of the AWG

There is no cap on the number of members an organization may have on the AWG, though this practice may be revisited if the size or membership mix increases to the point that it negatively impacts the ability of the AWG to make decisions or take action. With a recommendation from the AWG Chair(s), it is up to the Board and the Secretariat to determine when actions need to be taken to resize or restructure the AWG.


## Professional Code of Conduct Guidance

Members of the AWG must agree to abide by the professional conduct guidance as described below. Complaints regarding inappropriate behavior are welcomed by AWG Chair(s) or another member of the[CVE Board](https://cve.mitre.org/community/board/index.html#current_members).

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, AWG members agree to make participation in the AWG and directly related activities, a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age, body size, disability, ethnicity, gender identity and expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status, nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and orientation.

The Chair(s) of the AWG and the CVE Board are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.­­­

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

- Public or private harassment.
- The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances.
- Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks.
- Publishing others&#39; private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission. Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a professional setting.

Complaints should be sent to the AWG Chair(s). All complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The Chair(s) is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of an incident

If action is necessary due to a verified complaint:

1. The CVE Program requires any response should be as transparent as possible, without exposing the person subjected to the unprofessional conduct.
2. The Secretariat, speaking on behalf of the CVE Program and the AWG, will send a public message to the AWG mailing list calling out the unacceptable behavior. It will explain that such repeated behavior will result in removal from the list. In cases where the unprofessional conduct warrants no second chance, a removal action will be performed in accordance with Section 5.
3. The Secretariat, speaking on behalf of the Board, will send a direct warning to the AWG member. That warning will explain to the individual that disciplinary actions will be taken, and will outline the consequences of failing to correct the inappropriate behavior. The violating member will not be removed at this time.
4. If the unacceptable behavior is corrected, the Secretariat should send a message back to the initial submitter explaining the actions taken, and at this point the issue is closed.

If the violating member in question has repeated complaints against them then the situation needs to be discussed with the Chair(s) and the Secretariat as to the steps that need to be taken next. If it becomes necessary for drastic action to be taken, such as removal of the offender, the Chair(s) and the Secretariat will follow the AWG member forced removal process specified in the Removing AWG Members section.


## Removing AWG Members

AWG members will be considered for removal if:

1. The AWG member asks to be removed.
2. A current AWG member nominates the person or organization for forced removal. Forced removal may be based on lack of collegiality or professional conduct or failure to follow conventions as established in this Charter.

Once the removal process is triggered, the Secretariat will remove the identified member from the AWG mailing list and the departing member&#39;s access to other CVE AWG resources (e.g., SharePoint).


## Consensus Determination

It should be understood that the development of rough consensus is extremely important in a forum centered on the collaborative design, development and deployment of automated capabilities. It is the responsibility of the AWG Chair(s) to facilitate the consensus process. Consensus in this case is defined by "the lack of sustained disagreement" on the issue being discussed.

Once consensus has been called by the Chair(s), the recommendations of the AWG will be submitted to the CVE Board in written form, indicating the result of the consensus and describing any difficult issues where consensus was difficult to achieve.

While most times consensus can be accurately determined on a working group call, there may be cases were consensus is not achieved. In such cases, different points of view will be documented as described above and the CVE Board will make the final determination, by vote if necessary.


## Working Group Meetings

AWG meetings are held routinely as required. The Secretariat, in conjunction with the AWG Chair(s), will establish the agenda for each meeting. AWG members are free to raise subjects during meetings that are not on the agenda for that particular meeting. The agenda, and any appropriate supporting documents, will be provided to the members prior to each meeting, and should be reviewed in advance. Actions items carried over or identified during the previous meeting should be included in the agenda sent to AWG members.


## Working Group Progress

AWG progress must be reported back to the Strategic Planning WG (SPWG) and the Board on an ad hoc, Board requested, or routine basis-either through the SPWG or Board meetings, or through the email lists, as appropriate. Activities coming out of the AWG are an extension of the Board activities. The AWG needs Board approval before making changes or decisions that can either adversely or favorably affect CVE. The AWG should notify the appropriate SPWG or Board email list (public or private) whenever the WG requires this kind of change or decision.

The AWG will keep the Board apprised of what is occurring and decisions being made. The AWG will provide a periodic report-out to the Board list, ensuring any AWG decisions made are clearly identified as "recommendations" to the Board. All recommendations made need to include a consensus statement indicating the level of agreement of the AWG members, such as unanimous, majority or voted on with results included. The Board will then have an opportunity, for a timeframe specified in the report-out, to review the recommendations. If Board members have issues or questions, they are expected to ask for clarification and have the discussions needed to come to a consensus.  In many cases, there may be no need for clarification or discussions. If no Board members respond within the specified timeframe, acceptance of the change, decision, or the recommendation(s) is considered approved.  Silence begets acceptance.

## AWG Charter Review

The AWG will review the Charter when a significant change or issue is identified. If it is determined a revision is necessary, the updated language will be incorporated into a draft for review by the AWG membership. **Any change to the Charter requires a voice vote on a regularly scheduled AWG call**. **Notice of the vote must be given two weeks in advance of the call to ensure that interested AWG members know to attend the vote.**

### Steps for Charter Review and Update

If a revision to the charter is called for, the following steps should be taken:

1. The AWG Charter document goes through a set of revisions. The number of revision cycles vary, based on the complexity of modifications needed.
2. When the edits received have been incorporated, and the proposed Charter appears near-final, the Chair will issue a final call for edits via email. The email will include a date by which the final edits need to be received by the Chair.
3. Once the final edits received are incorporated, a message is sent to the AWG mailing list detailing the specifics as to when the AWG will meet, and the voice vote will occur.
4. When the voice vote is held, the Chair will inform the AWG list and the Board of the results of the vote.
5. If the new Charter updates are voted down, then it will be sent back to the AWG for discussions and further revisions.
6. If the vote indicates acceptance, the new Charter will immediately take effect and the Chair will work with the Secretariat, if needed, to update the CVE Program related resources to reflect the new AWG Charter.
