# March 05, 2024

## Agenda
* update on AWG meeting recordings available to members of the AWG
* External Pull Requests for the cve.org web site code base 
* Adding CSV file to the CVE BulkDownload Capability
* Version Number for the next CVE Services release (which will be the 5.1 schema release)

## Notes

* AWG Recordings:  Now available on the groups.io platform.

* External Pull Requests for cve.org

There was a [Pull Request](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-website/pull/2556) for the web site (by an external user) offering to fix an issue with how description are rendered on the web site when a CVE Record lookup is performed.  The issue revolved  around the fact that \n characters are not rendered in descriptions often resulting in a "block" of text that it difficult to read.  The fix offered to render \n characters as presented by the description author.   

After much discussion it was determined to not accept this PR.  The rationale was that there were many circumstances where this change would yield an unacceptable rendering of the description (i.e, there were numerous records which had spurious \n inserted into the description field with sometimes as many as hundreds inserted into a record).... so to implement this change would indeed help the readability for some records but it would also descrease the readability for.    It was noted that we need to "rethink" the whole "description rendering strategy" if we wanted to address this issue ... a single point of "mitigation" was not going to make the overall situation better.  
  

## Decisions

* It was decided NOT to accept the [Pull Request](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-website/pull/2556) that was proposed and thank the contributor for offering a solution.  In the response, it would be noted that a solution needed to be considered in the context of an overall strategic "rethink" of how cve record descriptions are rendered on the website.

## Action Items
* None

## Recording

Meeting Recordings are available at on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).  To become a member of the AWG (and gain access this platform), send email to AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io with a request.
