# May 28, 2024

## Agenda

* ADP Pilot: Reference Ingest Status/Overview
* Discussion/Soliciation: CNA/Downstream tooling Presentation
* Administrivia: Issue #70, Charter Review Reminder

## Notes

* ADP Pilot: Reference Ingest Status/Overview

   The ADP Reference Ingest Development team provided an overview of this ADP Pilot.  Key points included:
  - The primary objective of this capability is to provide a location (i.e, an ADP container) for the Secretariat to provide its references so that they are protected. Today, those references are located in the cnaContainer of a record and are subject to modification as the assigning CNA manages the information in the container.
  - After deployment, all Secretariat provided references will be placed in a Secretariat managed ADP container
  - To protect historical references provided by the Secretariat, as part of deployment of this capability, a cnaContainer reference "snapshot" of the reference list in the cnaContainer will copied to the Secretariat container and be tagged with the label "snapshot".  Going forward, references in provided by the the Secretariat and placed into this ADP container will not have the "snapshot" tag.  References that are tagged as "snapshot" will be considered "historically provided" references (as of the deployment date).  The origin these (e.g, CNA or Secretariat) will not be able to be determined. 
  -  The capability is currently in testing and is scheduled for deployment in mid July/2024.
    
* Discussion/Solicitation: CNA/Downstream tooling Presentations

  It was proposed that the AWG begin to solicit more input from organizations who are using CVE Program Automation.  The input would be in the form of simple presentations/discussions of the tooling/automation that an organization employs to ingest or use/produce CVE vulnerability information.  The proposal was accepted.  The AWG is now soliciting speakers from any organization that is willing to discuss their automation infrastructure that used CVE Services (and other CVE Program Automation).  See [Issue #127](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/issues/127) if you have interest in such a discusion/presentation/demonstration.
  
* Administrivia: Issue #70, Charter Review Reminder

  It was noted that [Issue #70](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/issues/70) has been addressed and will be closed at COB 5/28 (EDT) if no comments/objections are made.

  The AWG was reminded that any proposed changes for the Charter is due on June 4, 2024.  

## Decisions

* Decision:  It was decided that the AWG would initiate a "speaker" series on the topic of "Using CVE Program Automation" where members of the CVE/Vulnerability User community could discuss how they have architected their automation.  

## Action Items

[] AWG: Provide any input on the AWG Charter by June 4.

[] AWG: If AWG members (or no colleagues who) have any interest in presenting their organization's CVE tooling architecture see [Issue #127](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/issues/70) to sign up for a discusison/presentation date.

## Recording

Meeting Recordings are available at on the [AWG Groups.io platform]https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access this platform), send email to AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io with a request.
