# February 13, 2024

## Agenda

* CVE Services release Candidate 2.2.1 update
* Web Site Search Capability Status/Architectural Review
* Recording AWG Meeting Minutes: A Proposal Going Forward

## Notes

* CVE Services 2.2.1 Release
* The cve.org website will use Amazon OpenSearch for providing search functionality. (slide deck [here](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/Meeting%20Agendas/AWG%20Meeting%2020240213/AWG-CVE-List-Search-20240213.pdf) )
* Discussion around AWG meeting notes.

## Decisions

* CVE Services 2.2.1 will be released to the Testing Environment on Wed, Feb 13, 2024 to include a fix for https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1176.    The AWG community will have a week to test this version with a plan to deploy into PRODUCTION the week of 2/19.   For AWG members that wish to test this candidate version, please send a note ot the  on the AWG mailing list (AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io) so that we can ensure that test data is ready to support your testing.
* AWG will start posting minutes each week in the [CVEProject/automation-working-group](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group) repo. Major decisions and proposed meeting agenda will continue to be shared on the AWG mailing list.  Each meeting will have its own file named in the following manner: yyyy-mm-dd.md.  AWG members may add/make modifications to the file using a Github Pull Request that will be merged/committed by the Chair.  
* AWG will begin making video recordings availalbe to the community. 

## Action Items

- [] AWG Chair will devise a proposal to post AWG Recordings for AWG/public consumption
- [] AWG Chair will propose "conventions" for adding to the content of meeting notes using Github PRs
- [x] The CVE Search Capability team took the action to record the proposed requirements/discussion points for a future milestone capability CVE Search Capability.   Those proposed requirements can be found [here](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-website/milestone/21).

## Recording

TBA
