# February 20, 2024

## Agenda

* Deployment - CVE Services (candidate) 2.2.1 testing results
* Making AWG Meeting Recordings available
* Issues with CVE Record upconvert as part of JSON 5.0 roll out (incorrect Publication/Update fields)
* [mprpic] Add Team into awg repo to contain more members with Maintain role so they can edit notes in place (without having to fork+PR); can also help out resolve any Issues
* [mprpic] Go through open Issues in awg repo and close them out

## Notes

* CVE Services 2.2.1 deployment
  There were a number of observations that were identified as part of CVE Services 2.2.1 testing:
   * https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1187
   * https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1186
   * https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1185

After some discussion it was decided that CVE Services 2.2.1 would be deployed into PRODUCTION as currently proposed in the Teting Environment.  Issues #1186 and #1187 would be addressed as part of the next version of CVE Services that will include JSON 5.1 migration.  Issue #1187 will be address post JSON 5.1 roll-out.

As part of this discussion of #1185, the question was brought up of the circumstances in which the wrong schema could be used in validating input.   It was noted that to date, it has not always been clear when the QWG was finished updating the schema and when an udpate was complete, exactly which schame file in the QWG github repository should be used by CVE Services (and CVE Record consuming clients downstream).  It was suggested that the QWG consider a way to be more clear in (a) determining and messaging when it is complete with an updated to the schema and (b) what file in the github repository (or stored elsewhere) should be used by downstream users and CVE Services. 

  * Making AWG Meeting Recordings available
    The AWG chair proposed to make AWG meeting recordings available on the CVE Program YouTube channel in an "unlisted playlist" meaning that if a person had the link, that person would be able to view the meeting.  Recording links would be made available to AWG working group members (who could choose to pass it on to other)   As part of an "unlisted" YouTube playlist, it would not show up in a "search".

    After some discussion, this proposal was not accepted.   There was general concern that making meeting recordings publicly available, may not be a good idea because of a number of issues to include:
    a) meetings often include sensitive topics (e.g, results of penetration testing) which may not be appropriate for general public consumption
    b) being recorded may suppress frank discussions if participants are concerned about being quoted.

  The AWG chair noted that he would come up with another proposal to make AWG Recordings available to the working group to discussion next week. 
  

## Decisions

* CVE Services 2.2.1

  It was decided to deploy CVE Services 2.2.1 as implemented in the Testing Environment.  Issues #1185 and #1186 will be addressed the roll-out of JSON 5.1 (to be made available for testing in mid March).   Issue #1187 will be addressed post 5.1 roll-out.

* QWG Recommendation

  It was agreed to recommend to the QWG to identify a clearer manner in which to identify the correct the most recent JSON scheme to be used by the program. 

## Action Items

[] AWG Chair will identify a new proposal for sharing meeting recordings

## Recording

TBA
