# April 30, 2024

## Agenda

* Status: CVE Services 2.3.0 deployment (Deployment vote?)
* [jdaigneau@mitre.org]CVE Services Issue #1163 Clarification 
* AWG Administration
  * Charter Renewal
  * Renewed Interest in an AWG Co-Chair
  * working Group Repository Issue Cleanup (1 remaining issue)  

## Notes

* CVE Services 2.3.0 Deployment (vote)

It was reported that CVE Services Integration testing was complete and it was decided that the vote to deploy would be taken at this meeting (instead of May 7).    The [Scorecard](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/CVEServices230Scorecard2020430.pptx) was presented and it was unanimous consent that the AWG would recommend that  CVE Services 2.3.0 (with CVE Record Format 5.1.0) be deployed at the Secretariat's earliest convenience.     It was noted that the schedule for deployment would remain May 8 to allow for the Commms Plan to complete execution prior to deployment.    

* CVE Services [Issue #1163](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1163) Clarification

The issue notes that invalidating all "future publication dates" (i.e future dates for the date_public field)  may cause unintended consequences for CNAs if strictly enforced.   The discussion at this meeting considered a "grace period" in which a future date could be could considered valid to avoid some of these unintended consquences.  After some discussion, it was decided that 24 hours would be the "grace period" for specifying a valude for the date_public field meanding that a valid date for the date_public field would be: (a) any time/date before (or at) the current date or (b) a time that is within the next 24 hours of the current time (i.e., current date/time + 24 hours).

* AWG Administration

  - It was agreed to begin a review of the AWG Charter (which was last approved in 2022).
  - There is renewed interest in soliciting co-chairs for the AWG.  Over the next few meetings will be be soliciting volunteers for these positions.  Thoughts on the co-chair positions were noted as follows:
     - It is expected that the co-chair position may take up to 3-4 hours a week to support
     - Duties could include: leading the AWG meeting (1 hour), posting notes/videos (1 hour), attending other CVE Program working group meetings (to represent the AWG positions discussions), coordinating with other AWG co-chairs to plan meetings, divide duties etc (1 hour)
     - Actual hours will depend on what the volunteer would be willing to contribute
     - it is possible to have more than one co-chair.
     - To manage expectatations co-chair positions should have "terms" (e.g., 2 years) to allow for a concrete framework for volunteers to serve.   There should be no "term limits", to ensure that volunteers may serve as long as they (and the working group) concur.
  - Martin P. has "cleaned" up the Automation Working Group Github repository.  There is only 1 issue remains open ([Issue 70](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/issues/70))all others have been closed because they either belonged to another working group or are OBE) 
 


## Decisions

* CVE Services 2.3.0 Deployment:  The AWG recommended CVE Services 2.3.0 be deployed at the Secretariat's earliest convenience.
* date_public grace period:  The AWG agreed that a  date_public value can be any time in the past or the current date/time + 24 hours.
* Charter Review: It was decided that the AWG will perform a charter review over the next month

## Action Items

[] The AWG Chair will establish a review process for the charter and propose it at the next AWG meeting

[] The AWG Chair will send out a message the the AWG list soliciting volunteers AWG Co-Chair positions. 

[] The AWG Chair will address [Issue 70](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/issues/70) with a proposed site change. 

## Recording

Meeting Recordings are available at on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), send email to AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io with a request.
