# February 27, 2024

## Agenda
* Making AWG Meeting Recordings available (continued discussion)
* Issues with CVE Record upconvert as part of JSON 5.0 roll out (incorrect Publication/Update fields)
* [mprpic] Add Team into awg repo to contain more members with Maintain role so they can edit notes in place (without having to fork+PR); can also help out resolve any Issues
* [mprpic] Go through open Issues in awg repo and close them out

## Notes

* Issues with CVE Record upconvert as part of JSON 5.0 roll-out

  Issue was identified [here](https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelistV5/issues/41) by Jay Jacobs.

  It was noted that the spike in October/2022 was due to an error in the upconvert process as the program rolled out JSON 5.0.    This is scheduled to be corrected this spring.  The spike May/2017 accurately reflects CVE activity as the MITRE CNA-LR was doing CVE-ID "maintenance" by REJECTing old CVE IDs that had not been used to date.

* Making AWG Recordings available (continued dicussion)

    See Decisions.

* Add more people to the Github team to help curate the AWG Repo
   
    See Decisions.

* Go through open Issues in AWG repo and close them out
  
  This activity was assigned as an action to the new AWG Repository Maintainers to review the current issues and close those that are "OBE" as appropriate and report back to the AWG on their actions.   See Action Items.

## Decisions

* AWG Recordings
  It was decided that AWG recordings would be made available in the [AWG Groups.io Meeting Reoording folder](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordingspage) in mp4 format. 

  

* Expanding the AWG Repostiroty Maintainer

  It was decided to expand the AWG github repository (i.e, automation-working-group)  Maintainers list.

  Those interested in helping to support the AWG effort and help maintain the AWG Meetin repository can send email to <AWG@cve-CWE-Programs.groups.io>.

## Action Items

[] AWG Chair will up upload meeting recordings since January 1, 2024 to the AWG Groups.io platform.

[] AWG Repository Maintainers (i.e, Martin Prpic, Josh Smith, Madison Oliver) will review the Issues currently reported against the automation-working-group repository and close those that are OBE and report back to the AWG on their actions. 

## Recording

Recording can be found at (https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).  

File format: "Automation Working Group (AWG) Meeting-yyyymmdd-Meeting Recording.mp4"
where yyyy is the year, mm is the month and dd is the day of the meeting. 

To view the recordings you must have an account on the AWG Groups.io platform.  To request an AWG membership account on Groups.io email: <AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io>


