# May 14, 2024

## Agenda

* CVE Services 2.3.0 Deployment Summary - Issue reported (see slack)
* AWG Administration - Co-Chair Discussion
* AWG Administration - Charter Review schedule.

## Notes

* CVE Services 2.3.0 Deployment Summary -- Issue reported

On May 8, the CVE Services team deployed CVE Services 2.3.0.  An issue was reported on May 9 and confirmed May 10.  The issue noted that previously submitted JSON 5.0 records that were udpated to include JSON 5.1 information (e.g., CVSS v4.0 scoring) continued to be stored in the repository as JSON 5.0 records (see [slack discussion](https://cve-cna.slack.com/archives/C01J6B3TZQ9/p1715618800028799?thread_ts=1715285312.949989&cid=C01J6B3TZQ9)).    The development team reported that a "hotfix" has been developed and will be deployed (as CVE Services 2.3.1) in the AM of May 15.

* AWG Administration - Co-Chair Discussion

The AWG Chair proposed the parameters for AWG Co-Chair positions.   The AWG offered comments (as reflected in [these slides](./files/AWGSlides20240514.pptx)) and concurred with the proposed framework.  One person has volunteered (to date) to be an AWG Co-chair (i.e, Martin Prpic from Red Hat).  The AWG will have voice vote on Martin's Appointment to be an AWG Co-Chair on May 21, 2024.

* AWG Administration - Charter Review

  The AWG agreed on a review framework for the Charter (as reflected in [these slides](./files/AWGSlides20240514.pptx).  It was generally agreed that there was no need to specifically address the topic of Co-chairs in the Charter.

## Decisions

* The AWG agreed on the general framework for AWG Co-chairs as articulated in [these slides](./files/AWGSlides20240514.pptx) and that an voice vote would take place on 5/21/2024 to affirm Martin Prpic as a Co-Chair of the AWG. 
* The AWG agreed on the framework/due dates for the AWG Charter Review noted in [these slides](./files/AWGSlides20240514.pptx). 

## Action Items

[] AWG members: Review the AWG Charter (found [here](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/AWG_Charter.md)).  Offer comments on the AWG List or as github "Issues" to the automation-working-group github repository.   You may offer proposed changes as a PR to the charter posted on github.  Due date for proposed changes to the charter: June 4, 2024.  Vote for updated charter schedule for June 18.

## Recording

Meeting Recordings are available at on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access this platform), send email to AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io with a request.
