# February 27, 2024

## Agenda
* Making AWG Meeting Recordings available (continued discussion)
* Issues with CVE Record upconvert as part of JSON 5.0 roll out (incorrect Publication/Update fields)
* [mprpic] Add Team into awg repo to contain more members with Maintain role so they can edit notes in place (without having to fork+PR); can also help out resolve any Issues
* [mprpic] Go through open Issues in awg repo and close them out

## Notes

*

## Decisions

*

## Action Items

*

## Recording

TBA
