# April 02, 2024

## Agenda

* [mprpic] Discuss ADP pilot status and future scope of ADP containers
* CVE Services Requirements Prioritization (process Proposal) 

## Notes

* ADP Pilot

Status: ADP Capability is still in the pilot phase.  With the deployment of CVE Services 2.3.0, the ADP endpoints in the PRODUCTION environment will be fully operational and ready for use.
There are currently two pilots executing in the CVE Services Demonstration enviornment: CISA SVCC and the Secretariat Reference Ingest.  It is expected that the Reference Ingest capability will be available in late May/2024.  

It was noted that the overall framework for the ADP component of the CVE Program is not fully established and still being discussed.  Current discussions include such topics as: the overall scope and purpose of an Authorized Data Publisher, the requirements to become an Authorized Data Publisher and the "rules" for ADP information publication.

Concerning the overall scope and purpose of Authorized Data Publishers, the general concensus at this meeting was that an ADP Capaiblity should be granted to all CNAs (as opposed to granting ADP to specific third party data providers).  It was noted that decisions on this have yet to be made and are under discussions in the Board/TWG.

* CVE Services Requirements Prioritization (process Proposal)

The proposal will be presented "on list" with an action for AWG members to review the current issues posted on github and provide input "on list" prior to the next meeting. 

## Decisions

* None

## Action Items

* ACTION (AWG Members): Review the [CVE Services Issue Triage list](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/projects/29) and respond "on list" with your proposal on Tier 1 issues (i.e, Top 10) and Tier 2 Issues (next 10).

## Recording

Meeting Recordings are available at on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access this platform), send email to AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io with a request.
