# September 10, 2024

## Agenda

* Upcoming Repository Maintenance
* Emerging Automation Requirements - CVE Record Format JSON 5.1.1 (?) .. Introduction of a new CPE data field
* User Registry Brainstorm
  * Review on current user registry like functions in CVE Services
  * Continued discussion of potential User Registry functions   

## Notes

* Upcoming Repository Maintenance - CVE Repository maintenance is scheduled for September 16/17.  This maintenance activity will correct approximately 27K records that have incorrect reserved, published and update dates that were the result of an error in the upconvert software that was executed as part of the JSON 5.0 adoption.

* Emerging Requirments - The QWG/TWG are heavily advocating for a CVE Record schema update to effectively incorporate CPE information into CVE Records.  The discussion has moved to the board for a vote.  Once this is decided, development will begin as soon as the QWG releases the final schema package with the changes.

* User Registry Brainstorming
  - The chair offered an overview of what User Registry functions currently exist within CVE Services with this [brief](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/09102024CVEServicesUserRegistryFunctions.pptx)
  - An overview of the User Registry Brainstorming Google Doc was discussed with an action to the AWG members to provide its perspectives on what a CVE Program User Regsitry might need to consider (e.g., requirements, architectural issues, proposed technology to use)
  - Notes from the discussion:
      - It was observed that we currently do not have a "remove user function".  It was noted that this was a decision that was made with significant deliberation.  Instead of a "remove user" function, there is an "inactive" user property that behaves in the same manner.
      - Thoughts on making the User Registry have a public interface:  Initial thoughts on the Usesr Registry is that it would not necessarily have a public interface for users that are not a member of the CVE Program community.    Various applications (e.g., cve.org) may draw information from the User Registry but the User Registry itself would not have an unauthenticated access.   This is something that should be brought up in the Brainstorming doc if we want to talk about this.
      - Suggestion: information that is useful for the public (e.g, CNA shortnames, Organization ID, Long names), place this information with the repository (instead of offering an API)

* Closing topics
    * The idea to have a "push" announcments to downstream users about key CVE Services/CVE Repository updates was  discussed (this has been previously mentioned in other AWG meetings).  It was agreed that:
        * a focused "push" notification of key CVE Services/CVE Respository updates to members of the downstream commmunity was a good thing to have.
        * it should be an  "opt in" type of notification where prospective members of the list would request to be a part of the list  (e.g, group.io list was noted as an acceptable approach)
        * the list should be publish only.. no ability to respond or discuss issues will allowed (NIST's NVD list was referenced as an example)
          

## Decisions

* To create a "push" notification mechanism for CVE Services/CVE Repository updates


## Action Items

[] AWG Provide feedback on User Registry considerations using the Google Doc reference distributed in the action notice "on list"
[] AWG Chair create a push notification mechansism (i.e., a groups.io email list) for CVE Services/CVE Respository updates

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
