# November 12, 2024

## Agenda

*  CVE Services release v2.4.0 Testing Update
*  CVE Services Maintenance: User Story Prioritization - Tier 3
     * [Issue #1282](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1282) (Complete DISCUSSION) Change API (and web site) behavior for RESERVED CVE ID
     * [Issue #1258](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1258) Update PUT /org endpoint to set when an Org was last active 
     * [Issue #1209](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1209) CVSS score mismatch erros shown later than other errors
     * [Issue #1121](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1121) Rate limiting should result in consistent return types and be appropriately documented
* CVE Services Maintenance Releases: How often to have CVE Services Maintenance Releases
* Discussion: Board Action to establish Requirements for Archiving CVE Record References

## Notes

*  CVE Services release v2.4.0 Testing Update
  
   It was noted that the release # is incorrect.... the next release is Version 2.5.0 (as opposed to v2.4.0).   This version was released for community testing on 11/4 which is scheduled to run through 11/15.  One person has performed testing thus far with no issues being identified.

   Deployment can occur as early as 11/20 (should testing result in no issues to be corrected), however there is some discussion within the Secretariat and the TWG on delaying this deployment to allow for more downstream community engagement on the behaviour of the new CPE field.

* Discussion: Board Action to establish Requirements for Archiving CVE Record References

   At the 10/16 Board meeting, the Board tasked the AWG to begin creating requirements around archiving CVE Record references.   The specific concern that the Board is attempting to address is "link rot" of old references over time.   The general objective is to provide a CVE Program automation solution to ensure that CVE Record References remain available in perpetuity.

   There was a discusison on how best to come up with this set of requirments.  The idea of a sub working group was brought up but was ultimately not supported.  It was agreed that the way forward on this was for the the AWG Co-chairs to meet and proposed an initial set of requirements in a Google Doc that could be commented on that would be used to drive User Stories that would support development.

 * CVE Services Maintenance: User Story Prioritization - Tier 3 (continued from last week)
   
     * [Issue #1282](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1282)

        This issue has been a policy topic for some time.  Today's discussion focused on two points
           
       1. There is genererally inconsistent behavior across the three channels of CVE Record distribution (i.e, CVE Services, cve.org and https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelistV5).  The CVE Services API (and subsquently cve.org) provide data on RESERVED CVE IDs (with no ownership data) while the https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelistV5 currently does not provide any data about RESERVED CVE IDs.

          The AWG concurred that all three channels of CVE Record data distribution should provide the same information.   
      
       3. establishing an AWG position on how much (if any) information should be made available concerning RESERVED CVE IDs (i.e, no information, some information or all information).
      
       It was AWG concensus that the CVE Services/cve.org behavior with respect to RESERVED CVE ID is the correct approach.   The https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelistV5 bulk download function should be modified to provide the same information. (i.e, RESERVED CVE IDs are known and downloadable)

       This decision closes Issue #1282 
      
## Decisions

* Issue [#1282](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1282) is closed with the acknowledgement that the Bulkdownload capability should be modified to make RESERVED CVE ID information available as a downloadable information.  

## Action Items

[] AWG Co-chairs:  Provide a straw-man set of talking points/issues to begin establishing requirements for Archiving CVE Record References.

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
