# October 15, 2024

## Agenda

* cve.org Search Testing Release Update
* Status: Schema update to incorporate CPE
* Continued discussion on [#133](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/issues/133) (entitled *Create single file with CNA/ADP information and update with CVE repository data*)  and [#135](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/issues/135) (entitled *Standardize on a single format of the date/time values with a time zone specified*.)

## Notes

* Status: Schema update to incorporate CPE
  
The Board has approved the schema update to incorporate more robust CPE support.  As soon as the QWG releases the new schema package the devleopment team will begin implementation in CVE Services. Development is expected to take 1 sprint (2 weeks) with a testing release in CVE Services Test environment for a 2 week review period)

* cve.org Search Testing Release Update
  
The testing release of the cve.org Search capability is scheduled for 10/17/2024 (in the afternoon) (see [slides](https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FCVEProject%2Fautomation-working-group%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmaster%2Fmeeting-notes%2Ffiles%2F20241015Search%2520Update.pptx&wdOrigin=BROWSELINK) for details).   The goal of the release is to begin getting feedback on how this capability needs to evolve/improve.  All members of the AWG are encouraged review/test the capability and provide comment.  There will be one month testing/review period after which the TWG will review the results of the review and determine next steps (i.e, deployment, continued development before IOC).

* Continued discussion on #133 and #135

  For Issue #133:  Next steps for this issue to advance it to a "development" stature is to fully define the CNA/ADP orgnanizational data to be publicly shared along with understood use cases.  This will be proposed to be on the the agenda for next week.

  For Issue #135 Standardize on a single format of the date/time values with a time zone specified.  ): A CVE Services Ticket has been created [#1274](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1274) which has two components
  1. correct CVE Services to always use UTC for all dates specified in records published going forward
  2. to correct historical data to make all date related data UTC.

  To move forward on (i), #1274 will need to be adjuticated/prioritized with the other issue as we spin up CVE Services maintainenance development.
  To move forward on (ii), item (i) must be completed first and a decision must be agreed to by the program to modify historical data or records that are the general responsibility of CNAs. 

## Decisions

* N/A

## Action Items

* [] AWG Chair to summarize data fields in preparation concurrence and prioritization for #1274. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
