# April 16, 2024

## Agenda

* ADP Milestone Requirements (carryover from last week)
* CVE Services 2.3.0 Deployment Update: Scorecard Review
* Needs Discussion User stories

## Notes

* Confirmed that the ADP milestone in the CVE-Services Github repo is complete, but wasn't marked as complete until last week.

* Presented the CVE-Servcies deployment status scorecard as of 4/16/24. All fields are green except for CPS Integration Testing, which is still in progress with issues to be adjudicated.

* Discussed issue #1135 (https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1135)
*   - Those present were in favor of having the `affected.versions.version` field have validation in place. There was discussion about if it should be done in Cve-Services or in the schema.
*   - One idea presented was to make smaller, sub schemas that Cve-Services can perform a second validation with after the overall schema validation
    - This schema would be made by the QWG, but could be released before updates to the overall schema.
    - Cve-Services could return a warning for records that don't pass the second validation, and a message saying "This won't be valid in the next official record format"
 
*  Discussed issue #1136 (https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/issues/1136)
*  - Determined that validating records returned from GET endpoints isn't worth it
   - Returned records always have a dataVersion number, which can be used to show users what schema version the record originally validated against. 

## Decisions

*

## Action Items

*

## Recording

Meeting Recordings are available at on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access this platform), send email to AWG@CVE-CWE-Programs.groups.io with a request.
