# September 24, 2024

## Agenda
*  CPE (schema update) status
*  User Registry Discussion (continued)
   See new comments added to our Google Docs [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11dVHhvI9_0bGQss89DxvNTFa7pNW435UdG5x_qLqJmc/edit#heading=h.sbt2g9mdajrk)

## Notes
* Schema update (CPE) status
   * Vote to adopt a new schema has been paused while the board considers it options further
* Discussion points for User/Organizational Registry data
   * Comment: Working Groups and Operational Organizations (e.g., CNAs, ADP) should be handled differently in the data schema.  As presented in this discussion, Working Groups and Operational Organizations are treated the same (same membership rules, organizational management properties) which is confusing.  Suggested removing "Working Groups" from the scope of the User Registry.
      * Not a consensus position. 
   * Comment: Potential Design Complexity ... We may want a user to be able to belong to multiple orgnaizations. In the context an overall security policy that should be enforced, it may likely be the case that a user may not want an ADMIN of one organization to see (or even be aware of) other organizations to which that user belongs.   In the same vein, an ADMIN of one organization should only be able to effect the services to see what organizations in which a user belong.  This may be difficult to implement in the implied User data structure.
      * An option to consider is to allow a user to control what information is shared about them.
   * Comment: Metadata (e.g., when a user was added, deleted, updated) should be added to the required data to be collected and stored in the User Registry

## Decisions

* None

## Action Items

* None

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
