# August 27, 2024

## Agenda

* Fall/2024 AWG Planning
  * Next big rock: cve.org search development/release/testing plan
  * User Registry Planning
    * How should the AWG move forward in organizing a User Registry development effort

## Notes

* The next "big rock" -- for the CVE Program Automation Upgrade effort is the cve.org search capability.  Development of this capability began last year and was paused as the program prioritized the ADP capability (which completed in late August).    With the completion of the ADP capability, the search development is rebooting.  In October/2024, a BETA version of the capability will be released into the testing environment for AWG review/comment.    We will be requesting AWG comment during that time.  Comment period will close in mid November/2024.

* User Registry -- We began an initial discussion of User Registry Requirements/Architecture.  To kick things off there will be two activities:
    1. A brief to the AWG reviewing CVE Services functions that currently exist that support a User Registry
    2. A "virtual brainstorm" (via a Google Doc) to support "in meeting" discussions on important user registry topics and requriements.  See AWG mailing list on instructions on how to participate in this brainstorming session.  
  
## Decisions


## Action Items
[] AWG Chair: create brief on current CVE Services support for a User Registry
[] AWG Members: Contribute initial thoughts on the User Registry Architecture/Requirements by following the instructions on the AWG email list

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
