# May 06, 2025

## Agenda

* **CVE.org Search increment test release - status**
* **Action Response: CVE Services Validation (above and beyond Validation that is enforced by the CVE Record Format version 5.x)**
* **User Registry - summary of availability for local testing/review**
* **CVE Program Survey - AWG Analysis and response**

## Notes

* **CVE.org Search increment test release - status**
  It noted that the https://test.cve.org web site had been updated to address anomolies and concerns noted with the initial release.  The behavior of the site was described to include two CVE Record/Search options in the Search box at the top of the page.

  - The default option is to Search the PRODUCTION database with the latest (proposed) Search capabilities that are the subject of current testing.
  - The second option (chosen as the second item in the pull down menu) is a CVE ID lookup in the TESTING ENVIRONMENT.   This is the legacy capability for the test sight that allows for a user who has a specific CVE ID that resides in the TESTING ENVIRONMENT to retrieve that CVE Record and render its information as it would be rendered in PRODUCTION.  This capability is very useful for CNAs who are testing their clients with CVE Services.

  It was reported the ability to do a full CVE List Search was not currently available for the TESTING ENVIRONMENT although it was under discussion.


* **Action Response: CVE Services Validation (above and beyond Validation that is enforced by the CVE Record Format version 5.x)**

  At the 4/22/2025 AWG meeting,  it was discussed that there was a need for the downstream community (and CNAs) to have a very clear picture of what "validation" is performed by CVE Services (as implemented by the CVE Services code itself augmented by the Schema Validation library).  During the course of the 5/6 meeting, a document was generated that describes all of the validation rules as they exist today.  That document can be viewed [here](meeting-notes/files/CVERules.md).  This document will be published and maintained over time to convey to the broader community the "validation rules" current enforced by CVE Services.
  
* **User Registry - summary of availability for local testing/review**

  The User Registry Capability continues development.  For the MVP, this capability is being implemented as an extension of CVE Servives with a set of new APIs and DocumentDB data collections.    The AWG (and public) and download and review the current progress of this development in the CVE Services Github Repository at  https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-services/releases/tag/ur-v0.0.2.

* **CVE Program Survey - AWG Analysis and response**

  The CVE Program has just completed a public survey of the CVE Program.  The AWG has been requested by the Board/TWG to review the results of this survey and identify recommendation/topics that might affect the the CVE Automation Strategy.   The AWG will be distributed the raw results of this survey via the AWG List for its analysis.  The results (and recommendations) will be discussed at at the 5/13/2025 AWG meeting.    

## Decisions

* N/A

## Action Items

* [] AWG - Review/Test the released Search capability and provide feedback by 5/13/2025.  At the May 20 AWG meeting will be discuss next steps on this development.
* [] AWG - Review the CVE Program Survey and be prepared to discuss the results at the 5/19/2025 AWG meeting. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
