# June 10, 2025

## Agenda
* User Registry Testing Instance Rollout
* Reference Archive Pilot update

## Notes

* User Registry Testing Instance Rollout
  
The User Registry development team (Jeremy, Dave R.) proposed to release the User Registry MVP to the CVE Program Testing Environment on 6/12/2025.  [These slides](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/20250610User-registry-testing-release.pptx) summarize the discussion.

Key Points:
    - The core objective of this release candidate is to establish the initial databases and APIs for database management.
    
    - This release is proposed to be fully backwards compatible with CVE Services 2.1.5 user management functions
    
    - This release is proposed to be the  first in a series of incremental releases to meet the overall objectives of a new User Registry capability.
    
    - Next Steps:  
    The AWG review/testing period will run through July 10.  During this time the AWG can test the API (and offer comment on its functionality).  After the review period, the AWG will adjudicate the comments and determine which must be addressed before deployment PRODUCTION deployment.

* Reference Archive Pilot Update

  Dave W. provided an updated on the Reference Archive Pilot.  He outlined the nature of the rollout to include:
  - first, a rollout of a version of the code to be executed locally so that users can download an executable version of the capability so that testers/users can control all of the execution parameters.
  - second, an AWS rollout to provide an internet interfaces so that it can be tested from that perspective.

 There still has to be some documentation that needs to be completed.  The next step will take place by the end of June to have something released to discuss in the AWG.

 Key Question:
A question that was asked that needs to be considered as the design evolves:
"When MITRE saves CVE Record references to archive.org, sometimes the data author gets those removed by using https://help.archive.org/help/how-do-i-request-to-remove-something-from-archive-org/ - who is responsible for this for the public S3 bucket that you mentioned?"

It was noted that there is currently no capability in this current prototype to remove records.   Whether a person can request removal of a record from the archive is a policy question that needs to be resolved prior to deployment.  

## Decisions

* It was agreed that the User Registry MVP (as proposed) should be released in to the CVE Program Testing Environment for community review/testing.  The targetted date for release is 6/12/2025. 

## Action Items

[] AWG:  By 7/10, complete a review of the release candidate and be prepared for a comment adjudication discussion at the June 17, 2025 AWG meeting. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
