# November 18, 2025 (9:00 AM EST)

## Agenda

* AWG Co Chair discussion
* CVE Services Date/Time Normalization Discussion Follow-up
* Status: User Registry P4 Recommendation Prioritization
* Data Quality: continued
* No meeting 11/25.


## Notes

* AWG Co Chair Discussion

  Two volunteers have volunteered to be co-chairs of the AWG to fill the open position (Dave Welch and Terrell Mitchell).   There was a proposal made to have three AWG co-chairs (instead of just two) with Dave and Terrell filling the two open spots.    After discussion the proposal was accepted.  The co-chairs for the AWG moving forward will be Kris Britton, Dave Welch and Terrell Mitchell)

*  CVE Services Date/Time Normalization Discussion (continuation from 11/11/2025)

   Continuing the discussion from last week, the CVE Service development team noted that their analysis (and confirmed by Jerry Gamblin) had shown that a version of CVE Services released in February/2025 corrected inconsistent date fields in publshed CVE Records after that time.  Since that time, these date/time fields have been published in a consistent format.  However, the issue still remains for historical records.   It was agreed that date normalization for the full CVE List repository was "low hanging fruit" that would be a small/quick win in a broader movement for more quality in CVE records.  The AWG charged the development team to create a plan for addressing this at presenting that at the next AWG meeting.

* Status: User Registry P4 Recommendation Prioritization -- Discussion Postponed until 12/2/2025

  It was noted that a configuration error on the P4 feedback spreadsheet that was presented at the 11/11/2025 meeting prevent individuals from providing comments.  Consequently the prioritization discussion for the P4 Recommendations was postponed until 12/2/2025.

* Data Quality (Continued)

  In continuing the discussion on AWG Contribution to CVE Records, the ideas floated to date were summarized and presented.  These ideas included:
    - Creating a valiation library
    - Implementing warning messages for successful submisstion to prepare for stricter validation rules
    - Exploring separate input/output schemas to improve data consistency
    - Addressing ADP validation Isse to ensure compatability with historical reocrds
    - Identifying and Addressing low-hanging fruit (e.g., date normlizaing for historical records)
  There was some support for an emphasis on stronger validation which seemed to fit nicely into a CVE Services development effor.t 

## Decisions

* It was decided that the AWG would now have three co-chairs (as opposed to two). Dave Welch and Terrell Mitchell were approved to be new AWG Co Chairs. 
* it was agreed that an AWG priority will be to address the historical record date normalization issue and to charge the CVE Service development team to present a plan to do so.
* It was agreed that there would be no meeting on 11/25/2025

## Action Items

[] CVE Services Development Team: Present a plan to address historical records date inconsistencies at the 12/2/2025 meeting. 
[] AWG: Provide feedback on the P4 User Story Recommendations by COB on 12/1/2025


## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
