# February 25, 2025

## Agenda

* Status: CVE Services 2.5.2 Deployed to PRODUCTION
* Reference Archive Pilot
* User Registry Development kickoff

## Notes

* Status: CVE Services 2.5.2
  CVE Services 2.5.2 (which included a "fix" to complete the UTC update rolled out as part of 2.5.1) was deployed without issue.   It was noted that with this fix, all dateds in published and rejected records will be in UTC format.   Historical data will be address as part of a future Repository Maintenance action.

* User Registry Kickoff

The User Registry is the final component of the CVE Program Automation Updrade.  The objective is to provide a capability for CNAs/CNA-LRs, Roots, and Top Level roots to manage users that are part of their organizations and for the Secretariat to easily manage various CVE Program groups that help manage and govern the CVE Program.  

 User Registry prototype MVP development is begining based on document discussions since 2018 that are codified in these two documents:
 - [CVE User Registry v0.03](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/User%20Registry)
 - [AWG User Registry Brainstorming Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11dVHhvI9_0bGQss89DxvNTFa7pNW435UdG5x_qLqJmc/edit?tab=t.0)

The Mitre development team is advancing the effort through an MVP development effort that will result in a prototype being made available for community review (in the CVE Service Testing Environment) in early June/2025.  

The scope of the MVP will be limited to basic CRUD database functions for CVE Organizational and Individual User Data.  Initial organizaitons (and users) will be populated as is currently implemented in CVE Services (i.e, organizational scope of initial deployment will be CNAs and the Secretariat).  

The Authentication/Authorization policy will be exactly as it is today (e.g., CNA Administrators will manage CNA user pools)

Architecturally, this initial introduction of a User Registry MVP is proposed to be an extension of the CVE Services API (same URL, new endpoints).   Future deployments will 

See [brief](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/UserRegistrySearch2025Schedule20250226.pptx) for detailed schedule and discussion of scope of the proposed MVP: 

* Reference Archive Pilot

  Art Mantion, Dave Welch provided some initial thoughts on the Reference Archive Pilot.   An initial organizational meeting is to be scheduled to determine the proposed parameters and logistics of the pilot.   It was noted that the pilot should be time bound and have some specific questions to answer.

  There was a short discussion of "who" could operate the reference archive.   Traditionally the Secretariat has operated and maintained  most (but not all) of the CVE Program components (i.e, the CVE Services clients are not maintained by the Secretariat).  Part of this pilot should be a recommendation on where the reference archive capability should be responsible for the operations/maintenance of the reference archive capability. 

## Decisions


## Action Items

* AWG: Review User Registry documents and provide comments on the [AWG User Registry Brainstorming Document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11dVHhvI9_0bGQss89DxvNTFa7pNW435UdG5x_qLqJmc/edit?tab=t.0) for discussion.
* AWG Chair (Kris):  Post references to the User Registry documents and the MVP Sprint Planning Brief

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
