# October 28, 2025

## Agenda

* CVE Services 2.6.0 Deployment Update - bug fixes complete, AWG Recommendation to Deploy (or not)
* Reminder: CVE Search Capability -- release for community testing (10/29)

## Notes

* CVE Service 2.6.0 -  The CVE Services 2.6.0 testing period was complete.  A total of 4 issues were identified and corrected (with the CVE Service Testing image updated with fixes on Thursday, 10/23/2025).  It was proposed that with these fixes that CVE Services 2.6.0 should be deployed to PRODUCTION.

  A short discussion ensued about the depth of testing and whether this deployment was something heavily requested by the User community.  The development team responded that they felt that there was enough testing that was done to warrant deployment and that the community can review those tests as part of the CVE Services repository.  With respect to the "demand signal", it was noted that 67% of the respondents to the recent CVE Program survey conducted by the QWG were in favor of PURL support.

* AWG Engagement with the Consumer Working Group

  There was a discussion of the importance of the new Consumer Working Group and the importance of the AWG engaging directly with that group to get more information about the needs and priorities of Downstream Users of CVE information that should inform automation priorities.  The AWG chair to an action to send a deployment note to the CWG concerning the deployment of CVE Services 2.6.0/CVE Record Format 5.2.0) and to attend the upcoming CWG meeting to begin direct engagement with that group.

* (Reminder) cve.org Search Capability testing reminder

   cve.org CVE Repository Search Capability (release candidate 1.3.0) will be released 10/29/2025 for a two week test period, ending on 11/11/2025.  

* Reference Archive

  The Reference Archive development team provided an update it's status.  there is now a executing version of the Reference Archive that can be viewed by anyone who has interest to test/review it. See the the [Reference Archive Readme](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-ref-archival) file or drop an email to dave@herodevs.com for more information about development needs/testing. 
  

## Decisions

* It was decided to recommend to deploy CVE Services 2.6.0 as soon as reasonable.

## Action Items

[] AWG Chair: Draft up a CVE Services deployment announcement to the Consumer Working Group (CWG).   Attend the upcoming CWG and begin a proactive engagement with the AWG and the CWG. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
