# April 15, 2025

## Agenda

* Misc topics from VulnCon 2025:
  * General feedback on tooling/services?
  * Are there any tooling-related blockers preventing other CNAs from becoming ADPs?
  * What other tools besides CVE Services should the CVE program provide for the community?
  * How can we better ensure CVE records meet a higher quality standard?
  * [@jgamblin](https://github.com/jgamblin): formal collection of all record validations that are defined in CVE Services (that aren't dependent on the schema)
* Update on CVE ref archival pilot

## Notes

* Most of the meeting was spent in discussion about the sudden stop of funding to MITRE to run the CVE program.
* None of the topics on the agenda were actually discussed.

## Decisions

* None

## Action Items

* None

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
