# February 04, 2025

## Agenda

* Status: CVE Services Release Candidate 2.5.2 (UTC Patch)
* Upcoming Maintenance on CVE List
* Continuation (Conclusion) of Reserved CVE ID in Bulk Download Discussion

## Notes

* **Status: CVE Services Release Candidate 2.5.2 (UTC Patch)**

CVE Services release candidate 2.5.2 will be released to the Testing environment for community review/testing.  This release incorporates a "fix" to the 2.5.1 deployment to fully implement the UTC date/time format for dates in CVE Records (the previous deployment did not include dates in REJECTED records) along with other CVE Secretariat interface modifications.  Targeted PRODUCTION deployment for this version is February 12 (after the next AWG meeting).

* **Upcoming Maintenance on CVE List**
  
From time to time the CVE Program performs maintenance on the CVE List to address identfied inaccuracies in CVE Records and maintain the overall quality of historical CVE data.   On Thursday, February 13, the CVE Program will be updated approximately 3500 records to correct various inaccuracies in the date fields of these records.     CNAs and the general public will be getting communications on this change so that they can can adjust accordingly.

* **Continuation (Conclusion) of Reserved CVE ID in Bulk Download Discussion**

In continuing the discussion from the 1/21/2025 meeting, it was proposed that the AWG embrace Solution 1 (i.e the simple 2 file "list" approach) as described in [this brief](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/bulk_download_reserved_options20250121.pptx).  The rationale presented for this proposal included the following points:
- Both solutions meet the objectives of the requirements
- There was no strong consensus to implement either (or both) of the solutions.
- Although Solution 2 provided additional utility, the fact that it would double the size of the cvelistV5 repository is concerning.  The additional utility does not outweigh the cost of required additional storage given the suggested size limitation of github repositories.
  After discussion, the group agreed that Solution 1 was sufficient to meet the requirement.

 It was noted as part of this discussion that the Reserved CVE ID list will be quite long (approximately 68K entries).  This led to the the question of whether the CVE Program is doing anything to reduce the number of Reserved CVE IDs that are "just floating" out there echoing a concern that the list will continue to grow in perpetuity (which did not seem necessary).  The response was that the CVE Program is currently not doing anything beyond its current RBP work to reduce the number of Reserved CVE IDs but that it seemed reasonable to begin looking into this conditions and determine whether the list of Reserved CVE IDs can be reduced.  

* **cvelistV5 Github Repository storage Limits**

The previous discussion led into a broader topic of Github repository storage limits.  Github published guidance provides general directions that repositories should ideally be smaller that 1 GB but strongly recommended that repositories be less than 5 GB to support reasonable performance for all repository functions. 
 Github representated noted that, in general, there is no "hard limit" for repository sizes, but at some point if a repository gets "too large" they would need to work with the customer to establish a better solution (or ask them to move off the platform).    it was also noted that the official Github guidance is being reworked to increase the "strongly recommended limit" to be less than 10 GB (which is welcome news for the CVE program).

 Concerning measuring the size of a github repository it remained unclear exactly what part of that measurement.  Members of the working group had different opinions of the current size of the cvelistV5 repository ranging from .9 GB (the result from the Github API querie)  to 2.5 GB (as a result of a individual's calculation of the repository). 




## Decisions

*  **CVE Bulk Download/Reserved CVE ID architectural solution:**  It was agreed to pursue Solution 1 of the briefed options on 1/21/2025.  See the briefing [here]((https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/bulk_download_reserved_options20250121.pptx)

## Action Items

* Howard Kong:  Will engage Github to explore size limitations (and size calculations) for a github repository as part of a longer term effort to begin planning for cvelistV5 repository resource exhaustion and solutions to address this concern. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
