# November 04, 2025

## Agenda

* Activity Status updates
    * CVE Services 2.6.0 Deployment - CVE Services 2.6.0 was successfully deployed (incorporating CVE Record Format 5.2.0 - support for PURL)
    * cve.org Search 1.3.0 Testing feedback
    * User Registry
      
* Open Forum - Any topic/question from AWG members.
  

## Notes

* Activity Status updates
   * CVE Services 2.6.0 Deployed on October 29.  Minimal feedback or report of any type of disruption.
  
   * cve.org Search 1.3.0 Testing Feedback

      Testing for the CVE.org search capability (1.3.0) is ongoing and expected to complete next week. The testing site includes expanded FAQs and new features like phrase matching and date ranges.

* User Registry
   * P4 The Subworking Group

     The P4 working group is concluding its work. Dave Voltermeyer is stepping back due to other commitments. Recommendations for user stories will be finalized and presented to the AWG for prioritization

  * User Registry Renaming?

    It was proposed that the User Registry be renamed  to better reflect its scope, which includes managing both user and organizatgional data.  Suggestions and feedback are being solicited on slack.

* Co-Chair Nominations

    A call for nominations for a new AWG Co-Chair was made.  The role involves coordinating meetings, setting agendas, and engaging with other working groups.

  * Open Discussion
 
    During open discussion it was proposed that the AWG should begin considering how it can contribute to increasing quality in CVE Records.  Suggestions included enforcing stricter validation rules (e.g., proper URLs, version strings, and CWE placement) and creating a validation library that could be used by CVE Services and external tools. The AWG will gather community input and collaborate with the QWG (Quality Working Group) to prioritize and implement such improvement. 
  

## Decisions

* The AWG meeting scheduled for 11/11/2025 is cancelled in recognition of Veteran's Day in the U.S.  

## Action Items

[] MITRE Development Team: Update the CVE Services Validation Rules document to include recent changes to validation that are the result of the deployment of CVE Services 2.6.0 (i.e, extra validation of PURL data fields)

[] Madison Oliver: Initiate a discussion on slack concerning the rename of the User Registry Service. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
