# September 16, 2025

## Agenda

* CVE Services Schema Update status
* User Registry Status
* [Reference Archive PRD](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qtDu3lVeNh65ul4fYxR7i10JyLyruUYQimPGVEqmoXQ/edit?tab=t.0) Review (and Adoption) 

## Notes

* **AWG (Co) Chair, Martin Prpic  Stepping Down**

  Martin Prpic (AWG Co Chair) notified the group that he will be stepping down as he pursue other professional opportunities.  His last meeting as the AWG Co-Chair will be September 30.
  
* **CVE Services Schema update status**
  
  Development has begun on CVE Services v2.5.5 which will incorporate the next version of the [CVE Record Format v5.2.0](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-schema/tree/5.2.0/schema).  A Test Release is scheduled for the week of October 6 (to be placed in the CVE Service Testing environment).

* **User Registry Status**

  User Registry Development Continues.  Implementation is (practically) complete on [P1-P3](https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FCVEProject%2Fautomation-working-group%2F56da0e2c1984e7ed94effef1d45535735b822a94%2Fmeeting-notes%2Ffiles%2FAWG-user-registry-7-22.pptx&wdOrigin=BROWSELINK)  as agreed on 7/22/2025.  A release to the testing environment is scheduled for no later than 9/22/2025.

  The P4 Design team has met three times (see [notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Ef8oAav8AI4_YAH-mTVjWnlrByBQtYFy41-YP7ukVLs/edit?tab=t.j0i4ejbgjjlm#heading=h.af5wu3zgzxg1)).  There is no completion timeline for the effort as of yet.

* **Important note about the CVE Service Testing Environment over the next couple of months**

   From (approximately) September 22 through October 6 the CVE Services Testing Environment will contain the latest release candidate for the User Registry (which is integrated as part of CVE Services).  The week of the October 6 the testing environment CVE Services release candidate 2.6.0 (containing the schema update)0will be released into this environment for community review.  CVE Services 2.6.0 will NOT include User Registry functionality/API (it will comprise CVE Services 2.5.4 augmented updated with the new schema).  After CVE Services v2.6.0 is deployed int PRODUCTION, the User Registry functionality will be restored for continued review/testing.  If you are using the CVE Services Testing Environment during this time, be sure to be aware of the version that it is running.  You can check the version number that is executing by reviewing [CVE Services at the SWAGGER Documentation page](https://cveawg-test.mitre.org/api-docs/).  The version number will be displayed in the grey field immediately to the right of the text "CVE Services API")

* **Reference Archive PRD Review/Adoption**

    Final updates to [Reference Archive PRD](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qtDu3lVeNh65ul4fYxR7i10JyLyruUYQimPGVEqmoXQ/edit?tab=t.0) were made by the group.  All those in attendance were in agreement that this document should be move forward as an AWG Decision point however, it was noted that there were still some comments that appeared to not be adjudicated.  It was decided that before the document could be formally accepted, each comment offered should have a record of adjudication (with an explanation of why it was accepted or not) AND allow for the original commentor to respond.    With this point in mind, it was agreed that the AWG Chairs (i.e., Martin Prpic) would provide a response to each comment in the document that remained and then call for an online vote to accept the document before the next meeting. 

## Decisions

None

## Action Items

[] Martin Prpic: Will update the Reference Archive PRD to offer adjudication points for the remaining comments at which time the AWG will take an online vote to accept the Reference Archive PRD as an MVP statement of the capability).

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
