# December 09, 2025

## Agenda

* ~Reference Archiver Update~
* ~Enhanced User Story Template~
  - Adopt "Story Template" for all new proposals and initiatives.
* ~Observed Technical Issue in accessing CVE Services using Vulnogram from Chrome browser~
   * impact of recent Chrome updates

Topics we ran out of time for: 
* Ideas/Discussion of AWG proposed topics for April 2026 Vulcon Topics
* Upcoming Meeting: Preparing for 2026
 

## Notes

* Reference Archiver
  * Update was given. Minimal feedback and progress since POC launch.
  * Goal is to start 2026 with a solution that:
    * kicks off archival for all new CVEs
    * restarts the pending archivals for an updated CVE*
  * Main project repository is in need of updates, both in documentation and status.

* User Stories Template
  * It was proposed the QWG adopt a User Story template as part of our SOP. The CWG provided a [template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AIZHKECEs3m5TyXjCNUYhVwd-NipAJB_beBqHx2uXnU/edit?tab=t.0) for inspiration.
  * Discussion around how this (and other templates) could be adopted as an entrypoint for discussions and/or work to be done by the AWG.
  * The goal is to start driving behavior based on User Stories and impact.


* Vulnogram and Chrome 142: 
  * A recent update to Chrome changed behavior with service workers that can prevent users in hardened / complicated networking stacks from accessing the CVE Services APIs.
  * Held high level technical discussions around the issue.
    * Consensus was largely that it's not CVE Services related.
    * Known workarounds exist (easiest of which: don't use Chrome!)
  * Questions arose around whether notification should be sent out to the CVE community.
    * Impact analysis hasn't been performed, but reason to believe many may not be affected.
  
## Decisions

Reference Archiver:
  * Post-meeting note: Updates to CVE will restart the archive schedule regardless of reference-data changes, as it's not uncommon for more details to be published on existing links and then updated on the CVE.  

User Stories:
* Small group will work with CWG to identify a ideal quality-related User Story that we can use to pilot formalizing processes.
* We could have our own User Story template and definition, or request others provide one base on our format as part of the "handoff to engineering" process.
* We may (in conjunction or separately with previous item) define an `Architecture Design Document (ADD)` to `Architecture Design Record (ADR)` process. 

Vulnogram + Chrome:
* Scope is outside CVE Services, so no technical action required.
* Impact and scale is unknown, so seeking feedback from community via Slack.

  

## Action Items

* Reference Archiver
  * [ ] Sync code bases from pilot repository
  * [ ] Update issues and project board to reflect status
  * [ ] Clean up code + documentation

* User Stories
  * [ ] Work with CWG to identify a well defined User Story and consume, so that we develop natural and well defined processes for decisioning action. 

* Vulnogram + Chrome issue
  * [ ] Details are going to be gathered and a question/poll will be posed on Slack to gauge impact. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
