# November 11, 2025 (4:00 PM meeting EST)

## Agenda

* Search version 1.3.0 Testing Results: Recommendation to Deploy/Not Deploy.
* User Registry: P4 Working Group Readout/Recommendations for Consideration
* AWG Co-Chair Volunteer(s)
* Next steps in Data Quality Discussion
  

## Notes

* Search version 1.3.0
  
  The Search Development team reported that there had been no issues reported in the community testing period and noted that unless there were any concerns noted today the team was ready to deploy Search version 1.3.0 on Wednesday, 11/12/2025.    There were no objections and the AWG concurred that a deployment was appropriate.

* User Registry:" P4 (sub) Working Group Readout/Recommendation

  The P4 (Sub) working group reported that they had completed their meetings (which were held between August and mid October) and offered a set of recommended [User Stories](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/20251111AWGP4Recommendations.docx) for the AWG to consider.  (Note: these user stories were generated with AI support that used AI generated meeting minutes which were ultimately reviewed and approved by the P4 sub working group).

  * AWG Adjudication/Review Methodology

    It was agreed that the AWG would use [this Google Spreadheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CUwkvHs3FhQ06IQ18ibKnLt2o_bJST31zqC3mqr37HA/edit?gid=0#gid=0) to collect AWG comments/prioritization feedback on these users stories.

* AWG Co-Chair Volunteer (s)

  The AWG Chair noted that there are two people that are interested in being considered for the open Co-Chair position.  Neither of them could make the meeting today so, as a point of order, the Chair postopned the Co-chair discussion until the week of 11/18.

*  Data Quality Discussion (continued from 11/4/2025 meeting)

    In picking up from last weeks discussion on Data Quality, a couple of key points were noted:

    * QWG roll in data quality

       When asked about how the AWG and QWG should collaborate and divide the "work load" for improved data quality in CVE Records, the QWG (Co) Chair noted that the roll of the QWG is to maintain the CVE Record format, defining data field semantics, defining data field validation logic while [his thought was] the AWG would focus on implementation of QWG decisions and the architecture in which to support long term maintenance of those decisions.  For example, it was suggested that the implementation and maintenance of a Validation Library (and its integration into CVE Services that would implement QWG validation rules would be within scope of the AWG responsibility.

     - Different input/out schemas
     
       An idea was offered where different input/output schemas could be employed where CNA sumbitter would provide basic key information that could be processed my CVE Services where the output would more standardized/machine readable.   Editorial Comment: an example of this philosophy is the current date/time implementation where different formats of time are "valid" input while the output for data fields is transformed into a single "date/time" standard format.  A question is what other fields can/should this type of processing be done for.

     - Low hanging Fruit for Data Quality

       In a continuation from last week's them, an example of low hanging fruit was noted to address inconsistent date field representations.  Jerry Gamblin (Cisco) provide data that suggested that currently CVE Services is ouptuting inconsistent date formats that could easily be addressed to tighten up data quality with [this post](https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelistV5/issues/114#issuecomment-3518918317).  He noted this is something that had been asked for previously and could be addressed now.

   - Validate CNA containers and ADP Containers separately
      
     Currently when an ADP container is created/update and the CVE Record that is associated with that record is not "valid" with respect to the currently active schema, the ADP submitter is in "Validation Hell" situation where they cannot publish their ADP container because the CNA container does not validate against the most recent schema and they cannot make that information valid because they do not "own" that container.   This is going to become more of an issue as the ADP container become utilized by a broader producer community (e.g., SADP Pilot)

## Decisions

* The AWG concurred with the decision to deploy CVE Record Search, version 1.3.0

## Action Items

[] AWG members: Review the P4 recommended [User Stories here](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/20251111AWGP4Recommendations.docx) and use [this spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CUwkvHs3FhQ06IQ18ibKnLt2o_bJST31zqC3mqr37HA/edit?gid=0#gid=0) to comment on/prioritize the recommendations.  We will begin adjutication discussions at the 11/18/2025 meeting. 

[] CVE Service Development Team: review Date Format observation and report back to the AWG on the status of previous fixes in this area and plans to address potential shortcomings of the current solution. 


## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).  Instructions for entering your comments and prioritization preferences are noted in the spreadsheet. 
