# July 15, 2025

## Agenda

* User Registry: Development Team Status and Proposal Discussion (continuation of last week) ... [slides](https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FCVEProject%2Fautomation-working-group%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmaster%2Fmeeting-notes%2Ffiles%2F20250708UR-MVP-Test-Updates.pptx&wdOrigin=BROWSELINK)
* User Registry: Data model comments/proposal (see [slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QIXSKNX9CTXe4u0d-g5PIpq9jiIovS7uigWaSkTUIBQ/edit?slide=id.g36c41e0d51f_0_11#slide=id.g36c41e0d51f_0_11))
* Decision: AWG Position/Recommendation -- next steps for User Registry development
* New User Registry Roles Business Requirements - follow-up 

## Notes

* Initial Question/Discussion and reminders

  Before we moved into the proposed agenda, a couple of topics were discussed:
  - It was noted that the Reference Archive Pilot is in it Testing/Review period.  The AWG is still looking for individuals to take some time to offer review and comment.
  - There was a question concerning how CVE Service performs validation and whether CVE Services should perform content inspection as part of its record validation.    It was noted that CVE Services does indeed perform some limited content inspection today to support record validation and that the AWG (and QWG) had concurred that there will be instances in which CVE Services will perform validation above and beyond what can be enforced by the CVE Record Schema.  The process to request an additional CVE Services validation function is to post an Issue to the [CVE Services Github Issues Board].  The Issue will be adjudicated by the AWG when resources are devoted to CVE Services updates.  You can see the full list of current CVE Service Validation Rules enforced by CVE Services [here](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/CVERules.md).

* User Registry: Development Team Status and Proposal Discussion

  The community review/testing period  for the User Registry MVP completed on July 12.   There have been a number of comments that have been received (as noted at the 7/15 AWG meeting).   The team proposed a number of changes to be the User Registry MVP (many of which it has implemented for review).  The team also proposed additional development (based on comments received thus far) that would convert the current implementation of the data collections to a JSON schema representation that would make for easier maintenance, validation and community discussions that might be held in the future.   If the AWG accepted this proposal, the development team would request 4 weeks of development time and two weeks of testing which, if accepted today (7/21) would push CVE Services deployment to August 25 (from the originally scheduled first week of August).  

* User Registry Data Model comments

  Using [these slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QIXSKNX9CTXe4u0d-g5PIpq9jiIovS7uigWaSkTUIBQ/edit?slide=id.g36c41e0d51f_0_11#slide=id.g36c41e0d51f_0_11) as a basis a number three proposals were discussed around some redesign for the User Registry data sets that should take place before deployment.   

  It was pointed out that in the context of the User Registry development, these changes will just be the beginning.  As we deploy the User Registry we are going to get some feedback and we need to manage expectations on what phase of development we are in and what types of changes might be coming down the road.   It will be important how we choose to communicate the deployment to the community.  A couple of different approaches could include releasing experimental interfaces for comment (and not worry about backward compatability) or releasing an initial set of APIs, noting that backwards compatability will be broken and establish a schedule for adoption.    In either case, what is really important is how do we communicate that to the downstream consumers of the API.  

  It was also noted that as we moved through the different iterations of the User Registry, that we attempt to not deploy features/functions that we would expect that we might have to "roll back" at a later date.  It will always be easier to add more access/features than to add access/features only to remove them later. 

  Suggested data set redesign thoughts included:
  - Implement the concept of an Organization Unit (OU)
  - Maintain only onside of the org <-> user relationship
  - Use org type specific collections to represent type specific data
  
## Decisions

* It was agreed upon to "pause" the User Registry MVP deployment decision for at least a week to all the community to consider them and allow the development team to consider development/testing time. 

## Action Items

[] AWG: Review the User Registry MVP design modification proposals described [here](https://view.officeapps.live.com/op/view.aspx?src=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2FCVEProject%2Fautomation-working-group%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmaster%2Fmeeting-notes%2Ffiles%2F20250708UR-MVP-Test-Updates.pptx&wdOrigin=BROWSELINK)
and [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QIXSKNX9CTXe4u0d-g5PIpq9jiIovS7uigWaSkTUIBQ/edit?slide=id.g36c41e0d51f_0_11#slide=id.g36c41e0d51f_0_11) and be prepared to discuss at the 7/22/2025 AWG meeting. 

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
