# March 11, 2025

## Agenda

* Upcoming CVE Services Maintenance (i.e, Downtime)
* Update on CVE reference archive pilot (Art, Dave, Martin)
* User Registry MVP Status and Requirements Discussion

## Notes

* Upcoming CVE Services Maintenance and status
  
  In latter part of March (exact date TBD) CVE Services will be taken down for routine maintenance.  This maintenance will involve updating the NoSQL database software
  (as it is coming to EOL) and to update communications packages in CVE Services to accomodate the new databasae version.     This maintenance activity will be staged over a number of weeks as we update the Testing Environment, the PRODUCTION and the ADP Demonstration environment in separate maintenance actions.   We will begin with the CVE Services Testing Environment after which we will request that the AWG community perform testing to ensure that your clients continue to work as you expect.   After a week of testing, we will (assuming no issues are uncovered) we will move to PRODUCTION and then the ADP Demonstration environment.   The user community of each enviornment will be notified prior to each update.

* Update on CVE Reference Archive Pilot
  
  The reference archive pilot is in "full swing" at this point.   The planning and scope of the project were presented [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wVIm6Mv2xwYODsbS1z471XdHnA5Qffk7nADLeLX_spA/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.hprpe5w5bt65).  There is an initial design comprising two containers: one for running Archive Box and one for scheduling and "fetching" references.   The results are stored in an S3 bucket.   A logic diagram can viewed [here](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group/blob/master/meeting-notes/files/archiver_pilot_process.png).  As the development continues, the AWG will need to discuss how where the archiver will reside and who should have access to check for what is in the archive.

* User Registry MVP Status and Requirements Discussion
  It was noted that a User Registry prototopye is scheduled to be available in the CVE Services Testing Environment in June/2025 as a result of a 7 sprint effort.  The Minimal Viable Product (MVP) is proposed to be focussed on backwards compatability with the User Registry functions currently available in CVE Services.   This would include the basic Creation, Retrieval, Update and Delete (CRUD) functions that we have for organizations and users today. The scope of organizations supported in this prototype is proposed be CNAs, the Secretariat and Authorized Data Publishers (Roots, Top Level Roots are not proposed to be part of this prototype).
  Data proposed to be part of the intitial User Registry MVP database are noted in purple in the [User Registry Brainstorming](https://docs.google.com/document/d/11dVHhvI9_0bGQss89DxvNTFa7pNW435UdG5x_qLqJmc/edit?tab=t.0) document

  In reviewing the Google Brainstorming document a couple of additional requirements were discussed:

  * It was suggested that User Auditing should be incorporated into the User Registry requirements.   After some discussion it was agreed that Auditing is a important requirement to include not just for the User Registry but also for CVE Services (auditing individual action on CVE Records).  In identifying "auditable events" it was suggested that something as simple as "auditing" the any change to a record by users ID might suffice for CVE Services access.  However it was also noted that in logging User Registgry data, identifying "reads" may also be appropriate to support alerting on various sensitive data retrievals.    Ultimately it was decided that logging requirements should not be part of the User Registry MVP and more appropriate for a "post MVP capability".

  * It was proposed that the User Registry incorporate a notion of a "Supplier" Flag/function Concept that will highlight those CNAs that are the "Authoriative reporters" of their products.  This is part of a larger discussion  in the program concerning a more formal role for "Supplier".  Although it is defined role it currenlty has not specific function in CVE Services or enforced policy around it.   The QWG is also discussing this topic in this [cve-schema open issue](https://github.com/CVEProject/cve-schema/issues/340).   After some discussion it was decided to defer the decision to include a "Supplier flag" concept in the user registry as part of the MVP.   The broader program (QWG/SPWG/Board) need to decided on the appropriate semantics/definition of what a Supplier is and the policy to enforce around this designation. 
  
  
## Decisions

* It was decided to move forward with the User Registry propoosed data field (i.e, purple tagged items in the User Registry Brainstorming Document.
* It was decided that User Registry Audit Requirements and the Supplier Flag requirements would not be included in the MVP of the User Registry but are sound functions for inclusion as part of a post MVP User Registry deployment.  


## Action Items
[] (Art) Supplier Concept Notes to User Registry Issues: Write some notes on the supplier concept and link it to a User Registry Issue so that this concept will not be forgotten in the context of post MVP development.

[] (Martin) Audit Log requirement notes (Martin) to User Registry Issue: Write some notes on the need for Audit requirement as A User Registry Issue.

[] (AWG) Continue to provide review and comment in the User [Registry Brainstorming Document] (https://docs.google.com/document/d/11dVHhvI9_0bGQss89DxvNTFa7pNW435UdG5x_qLqJmc/edit?tab=t.0) 



## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
