# July 22, 2025

## Agenda

* User Registry MVP: Design Discussion and Decision on Way forward
  * P1: User/org JSON schema validation implementation
  * P2: Discuss and agree on proposal for "Implement the concept of an Organization Unit (OU)"
  * P3: Discuss and agree on proposal for "Maintain only one side of the org <-> user relationship"
  * P4: Discuss and agree on proposal for "Use org type specific collections to represent type specific data"
* Jo Bazar: Program Coordination Business Requirements
* CVE reference archive: update and results of testing

## Notes

* P1-P3: agreement that it makes sense to implement these
  * approximately 8 weeks of dev time, 2 weeks of testing, early Oct MVP release
* P4: discussion around design, P4 can also be refined during the implementation of P1-P3
  * start P1-P3, re-assess timelines on P4 and finalize design of P4 with a focused design team (Dave Waltermire to lead this effort)
* Release of MVP should include all P1-P4

## Decisions

* N/A

## Action Items

* N/A

## Recording

Meeting recordings are available on the [AWG Groups.io platform](https://cve-cwe-programs.groups.io/g/AWG/files/MeetingRecordings).
To become a member of the AWG (and gain access to this platform), see [Joining the AWG](https://github.com/CVEProject/automation-working-group?tab=readme-ov-file#joining-the-awg).
